---
tags:
  - commission-guide
---
This page contains our pricing scheme and work duration for commission.

This is more of a reference/price transparency to our customer. We won't ask you to count the prices yourself.

Local prices are based on Rupiah (Indonesia), and International prices are based on US Dollar.

## Prices

### Manga/Doujinshi

#### Translation *(per page)*:

Local Pricing:

- Rp. 5.000 *(1-75 words per page)*
- Rp. 8.000 *(76+ words per page)*

International Pricing:

- USD 0.75 *(1-75 words per page)*
- USD 1 *(76+ words per page)*

#### Editing and Typesetting per page:

Local Pricing:

- Rp. 5.000 **(simple edit/redraw needed, or medium redraw but the amount is negligible)**
- Rp. 7.000 **(medium to intricate redraw needed)**
 
International Pricing:

- USD 0.75 **(simple edit/redraw needed, or medium redraw but the amount is negligible)**
- USD 1 **(medium to intricate redraw needed)**

This means that translation can go as low as USD 1.5 and at most USD 2, or Rp. 10.000 to Rp. 15.000.

Please see [[10.02 Commission Guidelines]] for details about the difference between simple and intricate editing works.

## Timeslot / Work duration

~~Final timeframe is still being made, but at most, our estimation is *3-4 weeks* per **20 pages** of doujinshi. *Higher density of text/sfx could increase the time estimation*.~~ We're working on project management at this moment, so things might get hectic. I'll offer to give you an update whenever a progress has been made.